feat: more control of averaging potentials (#1970)
trisyoungs/duq: web/docs/userguide/modules/forcefield/epsrmanager/_index.md

---
title: EPSR Manager (Module)
linkTitle: EPSR Manager
description: Modify and average the empirical potential.
---

## Overview

> The `EPSR Manager` module allows for the modification, by a fixed multiplier, and averaging over a set number of iterations, of the empirial potential that is calculated via the `EPSR` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EPSR Manager` module allows for the modification, by a fixed multiplier, and averaging over a set number of iterations, of the empirial potentials calculated via the {{< module "EPSR" >}} module.  It can also be used to combine the potentials from several {{< module "EPSR" >}} modules.
```
